📝 Update the `CHANGELOG` (#548)
cda-tum/fiction: docs/changelog.rst

- Experiments:
    - Script to simulate the critical temperature of SiQAD and Bestagon gates
- Algorithms:
    - Physical Design:
        - Added an option to specify discretionary cost objectives to GOLD
        - Added a flag to enable multi-threading to GOLD
        - Added a timeout option to post-layout optimization

>     - Simulation:

Reviewer: I think, *QuickCell* belongs more to physical design. Maybe we can put it there. Thank you! 🙏

>         - Added an option to specify discretionary cost objectives to GOLD
>         - Added a flag to enable multi-threading to GOLD

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - Added an option to GOLD to specify discretionary cost objectives 
        - Added a flag to GOLD to enable multi-threading
```

>         - QuickCell algorithm for the automatic design of standard cells

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - QuickCell algorithm for automatic standard cell design in silicon dangling bond logic
```
